Add content about details for deployments (#1526)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/azureai/azureai-openai-component.md

       .WithReference(openai);
```

> The `AddAzureOpenAI` method will read connection information from the app host's configuration (for example, from "user secrets") under the `ConnectionStrings:openAiConnectionName` config key. The <xref:Aspire.Hosting.ResourceBuilderExtensions.WithReference%2A> method passes that connection information into a connection string named `openAiConnectionName` in the `ExampleProject` project. In the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of ExampleProject, the connection can be consumed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AddAzureOpenAI` method reads connection information from the app host's configuration (for example, from "user secrets") under the `ConnectionStrings:openAiConnectionName` config key. The <xref:Aspire.Hosting.ResourceBuilderExtensions.WithReference%2A> method passes that connection information into a connection string named `openAiConnectionName` in the `ExampleProject` project. In the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of ExampleProject, the connection can be consumed using:
```
